[Music]
hey hey bright cider
you know what's impossible to hum with
your nose pinched clothes seriously try
it all wait see I've got a lot more
fascinating facts where that came from
in case you're wondering it came from my
fortune cookie here anyway here we go
when sea otters sense that they're in
danger they show their babies to the
predators that make them feel mercy gee
thanks mom a Google is a number followed
by 100 zeros I dare you to write that
down counting the zeros one by one a
computer term there's a bug in the
system emerged in 1946 when an actual
moth got trapped inside a relay
calculator at Harvard squirrels
accidentally plant millions of trees
every year because they forget where
they bury their egg corn well that's not
a rainbow that happens at night is
called a wait for it
they're mostly white and very rare the
first microwave was invented by Percy
Spencer in 1945 the engineer received
only two bucks or as discovered that's
equivalent to $30 today a giraffe's neck
can reach up to six feet in length yet
it contains the same number of bones as
the human yet in 2009 a team of
scientists went on an expedition to Loch
Ness lake to locate the famous monster
to their surprise they found more than
100,000 golf balls instead Tim storms
holds the Guinness world record for the
deepest voice he reached notes that were
so low only elephants could hear how
many words for snow do you know the
Scottish have 421 words for the cold
fluffy stuff some of them are fetal
spitters and snob power now I want to
watch the Scottish TV weatherman I'll
bet that's entertaining
the skin of a polar bear is actually
black but because it's fur is clear
that's right it ain't white and the
strands are hollow they scatter like
this creates the illusion that it's
white like people just like our fingers
our tongue has its own unique print we
also have around 10,000 taste buds and
each of them has an average lifespan of
10 days I'm tasting a pattern here in
the English language
if you spelled out all the numbers you'd
have to count up to 1,000 before you
came across the letter A try it in 1815
Indonesia's Mount Tambora had the
biggest volcanic eruption in human
history it lasted two weeks it created
an ash layer in our planet's atmosphere
and 1816 became the year without a
summer a day wasn't always 24 hours four
and a half billion years ago it was only
four hours that was because the moon was
closer to the earth three and a half
billion years ago a day lasted 12 hours
and by the time we humans appeared a day
was roughly 24 hours long the hashtag
symbol isn't actually called a hashtag
the real term port is an octave Thorpe
octo means 8 and it refers to the points
of the symbol in 2015 the Oxford
Dictionary announced that the word of
the year was the smiling emoji with
tears of joy
hey which is your most often used emoji
show me down in the comments do you know
what else is impossible to walk on
Saturn Jupiter Neptune or Uranus these
gas planets don't have a solid surface
on Venus though you'll be swimming in
lava
lucky you
when scientists analyzed fossils they
found that dinosaurs likely made sound
similar to pigeons or the mumbles of an
ostrich oh yeah and the mighty t-rex
probably had feathers fortune cookies
were actually invented in the u.s. in
the early 1900s when they were first
imported to China in 1992 they didn't do
well because the people of the country
found them too American
Canadian researchers found out that
Einstein's brain was 15% wider than
average but he never learned to drive a
car I'm guessing he was busy with the
you know theory of relativity speaking
of geniuses when we learned something
new
our brain changes its structure we form
new connections between neurons that
help us link information faster there's
a 5,000 year old Egyptian necklace
that's made from a meteorite when
scientists analyzed it they found that
the necklace contained the same metals
as a space rock in the 18th century
sugar was so expensive that only rich
people could afford it and when someone
had a black decayed tooth they were
considered the creme de la creme or a
big deal ooh how times have changed
Sonic the Hedgehog was put in the
Guinness Book of Records for being the
fastest video game character of all time
after all he runs faster than the speed
of light our noses can detect more than
one trillion smells sounds impressive
but a dog's never can detect 10,000
times more than that while humans can
smell if there's a teaspoon of sugar in
their coffee a dog can smell a teaspoon
of sugar in 1 million gallons of water
goats were the first to discover coffees
energizing effects they started feeding
on coffee beans and got hyperactive for
the rest of the day the goat owner
noticed this and spread the word the
average person will grow almost 600
miles of air over a lifetime
that's as twice as long as the
atmosphere is thick
two billion pencils are manufactured
every year in the US alone if you laid
them all on the ground end-to-end they'd
circle the earth's equator nine times
and each of those pencils can write
forty five thousand words and draw a
line that's over 30 miles long the
difference between mass and weight is
that your mass is always the same but
your weight changes depending on your
location so if you weigh 100 pounds on
earth you'd only be 38 pounds on Mars
have you ever thrown an apple in a river
and seen it float that's because it's
23% air in the 1800's Cowboys used to
wear their watches on chains to keep
them protected a brand introduced the
tiny little pockets we have on our jeans
today peanuts aren't nuts they belong to
the botanical family of fabaceae which
are legumes thanks to the invention of
3d printing NASA can mail tools to the
astronauts in the International Space
Station now we just need a pizza
teleporter hey we could be close
physicists achieve teleportation in the
quantum world they managed to transfer
quantum characteristics of one atom to
another at a different location Minnie
Mouse's full name was supposedly Minerva
and Mickey was going to be named
Mortimer but that was later changed and
Mortimer became Mickey's rival and have
you ever noticed how Mickey Minnie and
the whole gang always wear gloves
there's a reason for that
it helped animators save time while
still making the characters stand out it
also made the animal creatures appear
more human hence the four human-like
fingers it can take a sloth up to a
month to digest a single leaf figures
the perfect SAT score in the US is 1,600
points
Bill Gates scored 1590 and Mark
Zuckerberg got somewhere between 1590
and 1600 the University of Oxford is
older than the Aztec empire the
university started as alert
in 1096 and became an educational
institution in 1249 the Aztec empire was
founded in 1428 and terrace is a star
that's 550 light-years away from Earth
it's 15 times larger and 10,000 times
brighter than our Sun have you ever said
anything contradictory and someone told
you hey that's an oxymoron well the word
itself means exactly that in Greek
oxi means smart and means dull the
Sun is halfway through its life in fact
it just joined the AARP nah just kidding
in a little more than four and a half
billion years it'll keep its mass but
its volume will become like the Earth's
then we can call it a white dwarf and
move away to a different solar system
pack your bags
an astronaut space suit cost 12 million
bucks and 70% of that money goes to that
beefy backpack and the control module
Marge Simpson's hairstyle was super tall
because she was hiding her rabbit ears
underneath the creators were going to
make the big reveal in the last episode
of the first season but the cartoon got
to realistic realistic really we share
60% of the same DNA as bananas such a
peel the fruit also contains 3520 pickle
Curie's of radiation making them one of
the most radioactive foods we eat Brazil
nuts have almost doubled that amount
both pretty yummy though when the
typewriter was first invented in 1829
the keys were arranged in alphabetical
order but when someone typed too fast
the keys got jammed so in 1867 the
QWERTY keyboard was introduced to slow
typist down there are over 10,000
beaches in Australia it would take you
about 27 years to visit a new one each
day well I think we should try it you
win
hey if you learn something new today
and give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or the right and
remember stay on the bright side of life
[Music]